hi there we're doing a Warby Parker
frame glasses yeah so what you do is
this is not sponsored by the way what
you do get excited look at this I am
getting excited right now it says you
get excited well why do you explain how
war be Barbara at work Marvin / / by our
partner works so what you do is you can
do the free at home trial and she's five
of them they give you like the return
shipping label and everything they
explain it to give you a little
direction package comes with it the
coals took it out and then after that
you can actually see these freedoms work
for you because there's not the worst
when you go and you shop online because
you don't like people and then it
doesn't work out so you have to go
return it with people it's the perfect
so here's one a little small for your
face Billy yeah a really big big well
what shape is your base it might be
triangle how would you say to try those
pilots are wider than your forehead I
have no forehead before I on all the
child okay let me try any okay did you
show the camera what is it like of it
those are cool okay really cool alright
cool so you like these yeah okay the
name is during saddle russets during
saddle rustic okay cool so if you like
during saddle russet color
has a little bit of a red tips on the
bottom I would say my face is all right
heart yeah oh no pointy chin like a
bigger ear that's big i er okay I faced
with in a pointy chin Chamberlain saddle
stage get this clean T hope you guys
know what that is Oh looks really nice
we're square and it has little hints of
greens actually on the website the green
looks a lot more prominent maybe a
really light skin you can tell unless
you can't they are really why though who
actually works I like these better on
you doesn't overpower your face like
these kids things can you see me can you
see me we're trying to get away from
these by the way these whiskey tortoise
demo lens Oh Cass 200 oh thank you hun
treat out the way these are more
feminine really yeah and also if you
wear makeup it actually highlighted i
would say ok but it is more feminine so
i would say like I don't know does that
match your style well when I look like a
boy then they will at least I'll look a
little bit more like a girl when I'm
gonna have one attribute that tips it
over it's like a is that girl but then
you have no one
oh shi shi girl uh I like the other one
better on you these are pretty opener
and i would say they'll either mask love
you yeah right so you looked a bit mad I
your eyebrows I came so much duck these
are getting a little like um sorry pulse
on that right I was Allen Ginsberg you
know you look good with circle although
when you go like that you look like a
turtle I like these ones fun you oh no
I'm not like dita 00 here like a days
these are called is Haskell Haskell's
burnt lemon Curtis yeah Bert let me um
they look cool but not cool it's like if
you were cool enough to have two pairs
of glasses you're like I feel like being
stylish today I feel to be the librarian
and I'm like would you like to check out
something thank you my baby sister oh
wait I can't see really doing anything
Oh actually I think it makes me look
older it does nothing but it does not
really like something doing anything for
you new sets of eyebrows and then I res
went down to my nose anyway that's our
video on trying some Warby Parker frames
pretty cool idea I like it I dig it all
right peace out